Let's look at how this project is structured.
There are a few different elements to think about here.
The first thing to consider are
the conceptual objects around which the project is organized.
What is the model that we're using for building this project?
Then we can look at how the code itself is organized,
what files exist and how do they relate to each other.
We can look specifically at the starter code that's
given for this project and figure out what elements of
the project come pre-populated and which
elements remain for you as the student to complete.
We can also look at some of the semantic markers that we've left in the code comments,
essentially telling you which functions and classes remained to be
implemented and which things have already been done and what are
some opportunities for bonus extra credit.
So let's start with the conceptual objects.
The project starts with a main function and that main function instantiates a system.
That system represents the underlying Linux operating system
or the computer itself you might say.
That system is actually composed of a few different other classes or objects.
There is a container of threads.
So within that container are many different threads.
There's also a processor.
We represent the processor in this project as its own class or its own object.
All of these different objects,
the system, the threads, the processor,
they all call these functions that exist in
the Linux parser namespace and those functions go out
and parse data from the Linux file system
that provide information about the status of all these different objects.
So the main function has access to this system object that it creates and
within the system object are these other objects that comprise the system object.
The main function can parse that system object to the NCursesDisplay namespace,
which takes the system and displays it out to the screen.
You could imagine having many different types of displays where we're using NCurses here,
but you could use a more formal windowing system.
You could actually just use a standard output.
There are lots of different ways you could output the system data to the user.
In this case, we're going to use the NCursesDisplay function.
So now we can dive into the code and see what the code itself looks like,
now that we understand the high level
conceptual objects around which the project is modeled.